- Draft companion
    - Will keep up with draft and suggest players at each point based on draft plan
    - Auto update with top suggestions for each round depending on team construction + my preferences
    
            

Minimum viable product: A auto updating UI (no interaction needed from user) which shows top picks based on draft plan. Players should be highlighted with different colors based on how many draft plan criteria they have

NEXT STEPS: 
- Simplify my choices by highlighting the following:
    - synergy with existing team
    - upside possibility (strong handcuffs, players with new, better coaches, players with new, better teammates, starter injury possibility, etc...)


STRETCH GOALS: 
    - Show season long curve comparison between top 5 players or so based on season long props from odds api (stretch goal)
    - calculate predicted Wins Above Replacement (WAR) for every player and rank based on that


DRAFT PLAN: 
Rounds 1–3
Secure 2–3 studs at RB/WR (≥1 of each). Lean RB
Minimums by end of R3: RB ≥1, WR ≥1


Rounds 4–6
Take elite QB/TE only if:
Stack synergy is available, OR
They’re last-of-tier (top 3 QB/TE). TODO: Identify top 3 QB/TEs
Otherwise: keep hammering RB/WR.
Minimums by end of R6: RB ≥2, WR ≥2, QB ≥0, TE ≥0


Rounds 7–9
Fill in TE if you don't have one yet 
Prioritize best available RB/WR value. (lean WR) 
Do not overpay for QB/TE depth yet.
Minimums by end of R9: RB ≥3, WR ≥4




Rounds 10–14
Stack QB or TE if you don’t already have both yet.
High-upside RB backups
Exactly one WR dart (rookie/role-shift in strong offense), 
Optional: add one upside QB or TE.
Minimums by end of R14: RB ≥4, WR ≥5, QB ≥1, TE ≥1
Round 15 – maybe Defense
TODO: Identify top defenses for week 1 by implied total







INITIAL DESIGN:
User Experience: 
- This app is running on a second screen during the draft.
- Before the first pick - the app displays the top 12 choices for the players first pick (12 because that is the number of teams in the draft)

- Before the second pick - displays top 12 choices for players 2nd pick based on draft plan needs
etc... 